Thank you for your interest in the TDBRAIN dataset.

———————

INSTRUCTIONS FULL DATASET:

FULL DATASET
The Full TD BRAIN dataset is made available as a password protected zip file, named TD-BRAIN-DATASET.zip 
Its size is about 54 GB.
Required disk space
When expanded, the TD-Brain dataset is about 120 GB, so if you're expanding the zip file to the same drive you downloaded it to you'll need at least 170Gb of free disk space.
You can delete or archive (but not share) the zip file after successful expansion if you wish.

1	Download:
Go to WeTransfer:
https://we.tl/t-lPJxWyARCr

2	Unpack the zip file
Double click (open) TD-BRAIN-DATASET.zip and enter the password (see below) when prompted to expand the zip file.
Password
[*8y099fG5-4< 

———————

INSTRUCTIONS SAMPLE DATASET:

SAMPLE DATASET
The TD BRAIN Sample Dataset contains a small portion of the full set, and is formatted identical to the full set, it is great for testing purposes.

1	Download:
a	Go to our Tresorit file storage:
	https://web.tresorit.com/l/o1wCn#x7WFkaGtO3-aLCq1UjgSng

b 	Verify your email address
	Enter your email address and receive a six digit verification code in your mail.

c	Enter the six digit code and download the TDBRAIN Sample dataset

2	Unpack the zip file

———————

Please contact insights@brainclinics.com when you encounter a technical issue with the zip files. 
Please describe your problem in detail. We'll do our best to help.

———————

You have been granted permission to download the TD BRAIN dataset under the following conditions:
CONDITIONS

I agree to the following terms:
Data Use Agreement
Brainclinics Foundation
I request access to the TD-BRAIN dataset published in van Dijk et al. (The Two Decades - Brainclinics Research Archive for Insights in Neurophysiology (TD-BRAIN) database, Nature Scientific Data, 2021) via the website www.brainclinics.com/resources of the Brainclinics Foundation, Nijmegen, the Netherlands, and thereby agree to the following:
	
1	I will comply with all relevant rules and regulations imposed by my institution and my government. This possibly means my research needs to be approved or declared 
	exempt by a committee that oversees research on human subjects, e.g. my Institutional Review Board or Ethics Committee.
	
2	I will not attempt to establish the identity of, neither attempt to contact any of the included human subjects nor link this data to any other database in a way that
	 could result in identifiable information. I understand that under no circumstances will the key that would link these data to an individual’s personal information 
	be provided to me under these Data Use Terms.
	
3	I will not redistribute or share the data with others, including individuals in my research group, unless they have independently applied, approved this DUA and been
	granted access to this data via the brainclinics.com/resources.
	
4	I will not make changes to the raw data provided in the TD-BRAIN dataset.
	
5	I will give appropriate credit when using the data,
	
6	a) by providing a link to brainclinics.com/resources and including a reference to the van Dijk et al. (2021) publication.
	
7	b) Papers, book chapters, books, posters, oral presentations, and all other presentations of results derived from the data should acknowledge the origin of the data. 
	Authors of publications or presentations using the data should cite relevant publications describing the methods developed and used by the Brainclinics Foundation to 
	acquire and process the data. Neither the Brainclinics Foundation, nor the researchers that provide this data should be included as an author of publications or 
	presentations if this authorship would be based solely on the use of this data.
	
8	The code is provided under the MIT open access license where you must give appropriate credit when using the code,
	
9	a) by providing a link to brainclinics.com/resources and including a reference to the van Dijk et al. (2021) publication, indicating if changes were made when 
	publicly presenting any results or algorithms that benefitted from their use.
	
10	b) Papers, book chapters, books, posters, oral presentations, and all other presentations of results derived from the data should acknowledge the origin of the data. 
	Authors of publications or presentations using the code should cite relevant publications describing the methods developed and used by the Brainclinics Foundation to 
	process the data. Neither the Brainclinics Foundation, nor the researchers that provide this code should be included as an author of publications or presentations if 
	this authorship would be based solely on the use of this code.
	
11	c) If the material is remixed, transformed, or build upon, I will distribute my contributions under the same license as the original.
	
12	I do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where my use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.
	
13	I understand that no warranties are given. The license may not give all of the permissions necessary for my intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, 
	privacy, or moral rights may limit how the material can be used.
	
14	Failure to abide by these guidelines will result in immediate termination of my privileges to access to these data.
